Updating note about alpha status (#484)
tconbeer/sqlfmt: README.md

### Getting Started

#### Other prerequisites
**sqlfmt will not always produce the formatted output you might want.** It might even break your SQL syntax. It is **highly recommended** to only run sqlfmt on files in a version control system (like git), so that it is easy for you to revert any changes made by sqlfmt. On your first run, be sure to make a commit before running sqlfmt.

There are certain situations where sqlfmt can be considered to be in Beta, or even more mature than that. Those are:

1. Using sqlfmt to format select statements for one of the major dialects (PostgresSQL, MySQL, Snowflake, BQ, Redshift).

1. Using sqlfmt to format a dbt project (which may also include jinja and some minimal DDL/DML, like grants, create function, etc.) for one of the major dialects.

However, there are other use cases where sqlfmt is very much alpha:

> 1. Formatting some less widely used dialects, like SQLServer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Formatting some dialects that deviate from ANSI or Postgres, like T-SQL (SQLServer).
```
